[Docs] Mass update for release prep (#154)
cornserve-ai/cornserve: docs/index.md

</script>

<div align="center" style="border: 2px solid black">
  <h3 style="margin: 1rem">
    vLLM : Cornserve = Monolith : Microservice
  </h3>
</div>

> **Multimodal AI** models like Qwen 3 Omni are becoming increasingly complex and heterogeneous.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Multimodal AI** models like [Qwen3-Omni](https://github.com/QwenLM/Qwen3-Omni) are becoming increasingly complex and heterogeneous.
```
I think it might be better to respect the offical name and provide a pointer.

Author: Good point. Let me use the Hugging Face Hub page for Qwen 3 Omni
